Video Player Extension Control (#10)
SAP-samples/cloud-mdk-samples: Showcase_Apps/VideoPlayerViewExtensionApp/README.md

# Video Player View Extension App

> This is a showcase application that demonstrates how to implement the Android VideoView and iOS AVPlayer to play remote videos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a showcase application that demonstrates how to implement the Android VideoView and iOS AVPlayer as Extension control to play remote videos.
```

> * Blog for iOS implementation: [https://blogs.sap.com/2021/04/04/mobile-development-kit-custom-control-videoplayer/](https://blogs.sap.com/2021/04/04/mobile-development-kit-custom-control-videoplayer/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>iOS implementation part of this application has been referenced from [this](https://blogs.sap.com/2021/04/04/mobile-development-kit-custom-control-videoplayer/) blog post and Android implementation part has been added in addition to it. 
```

*Last Updated: 05-Dec-2021*

### Author
* Robin Kuck ([GitHub](https://github.com/robinkuck), [SAP Community](https://people.sap.com/kucki99))

***

## Requirements

### Supported Platforms

* iOS
* Android

### MDK Client Version

* MDK 6.1 or higher

***

## Key Highlights

* Playing videos from a remote URL. The remote URL can be bound in the `VideoPlayer.page` to `videoURL` extension property of the extension control.
* Native controls used: [Android VideoView](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/VideoView) and [iOS AVPlayer](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/avfoundation/avplayer)

***

## Setup Instructions

No additional steps required. The content of [VideoPlayerViewExtensionApp/](VideoPlayerViewExtensionApp/) folder can be used as is to run the application.

## Screenshots

> <img src="Screenshots/android.png" width="35%"> <img src="Screenshots/ios.png" width="35%">

Reviewer: Update screenshots.. missing Logout toolbar
